This app is made for visualize PROV-O files and help to analyze of it. Here you will learn
how to use the tools of CyCurly app.

PROV-O Import:
In the PROV-O import section you can transform a PROV-O formatted .xml file to .csv files
which is an excel table and also can visualize in Cytoscape. You need to have a XSLT Engine
named Saxon which you can download from below link.
http://saxon.sourceforge.net/

For this transform process you need to complete 3 steps below.

- Choose Saxon File
- Choose XSL File (which can tell to transformer how to extract edge and node files.)
- Choose XML File (PROV-O file)

After these steps click the "Extract Files" button and then the edges and nodes files will
be extracted in "C:\\provoTransformerPlugin" path. Now you can import your network(edges) and
your table(nodes) from the "Import Network" and "Import Table" buttons. Here if you do want 
to import files that you just extract then right click to those buttons to choose another
file. And you can also import your visual style file from "Import Visual Style" part.

Toolbox:
Secon part of CyCurly app is for help to analyze these networks. Toolbox section has
8 features. All of these features will be active after a network and a table is imported.

Show Only: You can show only agent/activity/entity nodes in the network. But there is an 
error occure while trying to show all nodes. To show all nodes and edges click to Select 
menu on top and then click “Show all nodes and edges” tab.
Hide: You can hide agent/activity/entity nodes in the network.
Highlight: You can highlight agent/activity/entity nodes in the network.
Show Relations: When you make active this part you can see the hiden relations of a node
when you select it.
Group By Node Type: This feature allows you to highlight all the node which has same node
type with the selected nodes
Sort Activities by Time: It sorts all activites by time(from left to right). And the
relations(agents and entities) of all activities will be close to it. The nodes which is
not connected with any activities will be located at the bottom side of network.
Sort Entities Based on Activity Time: This sorts all activities of an entity based on their
activity time and the agents which is related to this entity will be close to the entity.
Others will be located at the bottom side of network.
Show / Hide Entity Relation: This will show / hide all the nodes of selected entities.